more explanations on settings (#367)
OCamlPro/superbol-studio-oss: README.md

  ![Editing copybook paths in `.vscode/settings.json`](./assets/superbol-editing-copybooks-path-in-vscode-settings.png)

- The copybook extensions `"superbol.cobol.copyexts"`.  
  To configure this setting, you will need to select `Edit in settings.json`. This is
  a list, where each entry describes a file extension if the copybook name cannot
  be found as-is (for example `COPY "mycpy.lib"`).
  In SuperBOL, the `default` option does not correspond to GnuCOBOL's default, but to "cpy" and

>   "cbx" only.

Reviewer: Is GnuCOBOL's default list actually `cpy cbl cob` as hinted [here](https://github.com/OCamlPro/gnucobol/blob/fe28973b030f13b34c52d36df6b928069de21f98/cobc/cobc.c#L9077)?

Author: yes, first in upper, then in lower-case

>   In SuperBOL, the `default` option does not correspond to GnuCOBOL's default, but to "cpy" and
>   "cbx" only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In SuperBOL, the `default` option corresponds to GnuCOBOL's default, which
  is `"cpy"`, `"cbl"`, and `"cob"` (searched in upper-case first, and then in
  lower-case).
```
